Finku
HomeSecurityFinExpert
FAQ
⭐️ #1 in Indonesia
Understand your finances
in minutes!
Your e-statement or shopping receipt can be a financial template
equipped with financial insights & recommendations.

Process financial data now
get financial insights
App Store
Google Play Store

Registered with OJK . Registered & supervised by Kominfo , member of the Indonesian FinTech Association , and member of the Indonesian Joint Funding Fintech Association (AFPI).
financial insight example from finku
How to do?
1
Register your e-mail
2
Upload your e-statement/shopping receipt
🔒 Don't worry, your data is guaranteed to remain safe!
3
Get financial templates &
financial recommendations from AI in 1 email! 🎉
⏰ It only takes 5 minutes!
Try it now - it's free
Register your e-mail here
Proceed to upload financial data
2025
New year, new features!
In 2025, managing finances will be easier without having to input manually anymore.
⏰ 5 minutes!
Convert e-statements & shopping receipts into financial reports
Can make e-statements from various banks & shopping receipts
All transactions are immediately neat & categorized automatically
Save time, just upload your documents & the results are ready instantly!
get financial report
⚡️ Instant!
Analyze your finances with Finku's smart AI insights
Get recommendations for better financial management
AI helps provide insights based on your spending patterns
No need for financial templates, AI will analyze for you!
financial insights and categorization
💰 Save!
Chat with consultant
Need fast but reliable answers about finance? Just chat!
Suitable for those of you who want to have a light discussion about finances
No hassle - get insights from financial consultants in minutes!
Chat with consultant
financial consultant
👍 Favorite!
Meeting with consultant
60 minute online meeting & discuss your financial goals
Suitable for those of you who have specific financial problems
Want to set a deeper financial strategy? Chat directly with a financial consultant!
Contact my Fin team
chat with my Fin team
Meet Finku,
ready to manage your finances

Automatic financial recording
Automatic and free note taking
Connect your financial accounts to automatically record and
categorize transactions and bills
!


Try It Free

"greater than" sign to see more content
Review your finances
No matter how much and wherever your money is, monitor it
through Finku! Assisted by an attractive display that
is easy to understand.


Check My Finances

"greater than" sign to see more content
Financial statements
Expense categories
Budgeting according to needs
Effectively manage your monthly finances with the budget feature so there are no leaks, bye-bye overspend~


Live More Economically

"greater than" sign to see more content
Target achieved
From buying a house to saving for marriage, whatever your financial goal, Finku will help you make it happen!


My Dream Come True

"greater than" sign to see more content
Financial targets
Financial advice
So become a financial advisor
Check your financial performance on Insight Finku!
Enjoy recommendations & promos so you can save 2x more!


Increase Savings

"greater than" sign to see more content
Finku for Business
New!
Finku is here to help your company move forward in the financial sector. From loans to consultations!


Corporate Financial Wellness Program
Achieve company goals by increasing employee value through comprehensive financial literacy training.

View Details

Financial Management InApp Service
Complete your company application with the Personal Financial Management (PFM) feature to manage cash flow more easily & conveniently.

View Details

Capital Funding for Enterprise
Get business capital funding to start a business with a long tenor and a loan limit of up to IDR 10 billion.

View Details
Partners & Clients

Contact My Fin
Finku keeps your secrets safe with multiple layers of security
Registered with AFTECH and Kominfo
Registered with the Indonesian FinTech Association & Kominfo. Passed the OJK Regulatory Sandbox with letter no. S-217/IK.01/2024
International security
Using a 256-AES data encryption system like international banks and fintech
Your data, only yours
Will not change, share or sell any data
Learn My Fin Security

"greater than" sign to see more content
600k+ people have a strong money mindset using Finku
Andhika
24 Years Old, Certified Financial Planner
No need to worry about connecting your bank account to Finku, because data security is 100% guaranteed! Managing financial transactions is also easier.
Donny Sandono
37 Years, Audit Manager
I feel really helped by using Finku. Recording finances is not complicated because there is an automatic recording feature, then getting personalized financial advice makes me more aware of my financial condition.
Yacinta
22 Years Old, Tiktok Account Manager
For me who used to track expenses manually, I feel really helped since using Finku, because all my transactions are recorded automatically and are not complicated. Thanks Finku.
Adrian
22 Years Old, Freelance MUA
Finku is perfect for me who likes to check out shopping on e-commerce. So I know when to shop and save.
Aini
23 Years Old, Technical Writer
Recording finances is now very easy through Finku. The cool thing is that Finku can connect several banks and e-wallets in one application. Millennials must try it!
Retno
28 Years Old, Lecturer
Finku is an application with the most complete features, from automatic financial recording features, budgeting, to daily check-ins that help build financial habits.
And covered by
The logo of Startup Studio Indonesia, an intensive program for early-stage startups to accelerate their business scale.Logo of Tech in Asia IndonesiaLogo of YCombinator which is a startup accelerator companyThe logo of Bisnis.com, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Berita Satu which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesThe logo of Kompas, one of Indonesia's news media companies.The logo of Tempo, one of Indonesia's news media companies.The logo of Daily Social, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Warta Kota which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesThe logo of Bisnis.com, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Suara.com which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesLogo of Hybrid which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesLogo of Technology which is an online technology community where users submit, vote and comment on technology Q&A content, news and discussions.Logo of Investor Daily which is one of the Indonesian news media companies
The logo of Startup Studio Indonesia, an intensive program for early-stage startups to accelerate their business scale.Logo of Tech in Asia IndonesiaLogo of YCombinator which is a startup accelerator companyThe logo of Detik.com, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Berita Satu which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesThe logo of Kompas, one of Indonesia's news media companies.The logo of Tempo, one of Indonesia's news media companies.The logo of Daily Social, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Warta Kota which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesThe logo of Bisnis.com, which is one of Indonesia's news media companies.Logo of Suara.com which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesLogo of Hybrid which is one of the Indonesian news media companiesLogo of Technology which is an online technology community where users submit, vote and comment on technology Q&A content, news and discussions.Logo of Investor Daily which is one of the Indonesian news media companies
Frequently asked questions
See More

"greater than" sign to see more content
Let's grow together & build the best financial app for Indonesians
Explore Job Vacancies


finku
Home
Security
FinExpert
Career
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Have more questions?
Contact us at:


+62 831 4422 0707


customer.experience@finku.id

instagram
linked in
twitter
app store
google play store
Jl. Pejompongan III B No.9, RT.3/RW.5, Bend. Hilir, Tanah Abang District,
Pancoran District, Jakarta, Special Capital Region of Jakarta 12760
© 2025 Finku