
How it works
Continue with Google
Get more done than ever before
An AI co-pilot that stays on call with you to manage your to-do list, help avoid procrastination, and find the behavioral patterns that are holding you back.


How Focus Buddy works
Work on the Right Thing at the Right Time
As you co-work with the AI, it learns what you're working on, what's left, and what's done. It automatically keeps your to-do list up-to-date, ensuring you never miss a high-priority task


Check Ins that Hold you Accountable
 Our coach checks in while you work, helping you talk through concerns, address perfectionism, and overcome barriers to getting started.


Insights Into How you Work
By being there as you work, the AI learns your burnout patterns, distractions, time estimation errors, and peak productivity times. It shares these insights weekly, with real-time coaching coming soon!


Anonymous and Affordable
Our goal is to make Focus Buddy affordable and accessible to everyone. Focus Buddy is free for general use. And paid for a personalized version available to a select few.


Available 24x7
Co-work with your AI productivity coach at any time for as long as you need.



What our users have to say...

Wait! This is sick
I'd been postponing getting a doctors appointment for so long. Then I called it, started procrastinating again, until it spoke to me and said let's just get started by opening the portal - and then guided me until I got into flow myself!
Now i have an appointment! Insane!
- Anonymous
Product Operations Analyst w/ ADHD
She/Her

My good sir. I really really like this, as someone who’s username on [Redacted] is “adhd squirrel”, I get distracted very very easily. This is amazing for me. I have a bunch of friends who also have ADHD, I’m going to put this on all their radars
- Anonymous
Data Engineer w/ ADHD
He/Him

Hey Yash! It’s been great using the product! I feel much more engaged with my work day than I usually am this early. I’ve already gotten 1 large and 1 small task done that I’ve been putting off. I wish I’d had this assistant sooner!
- Anonymous
Software Engineer, Undiagnosed
He/Him
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions